This project was a group project completed for Software Engineering 2113 at George Washington University for Professor Kinga Dobolyi. It was completed by Gillian Sheilds, Kelia Niles, and myself, Maria McIntyre. This project is based on the Pizza Party game from Club Penguin. All artwork was done by Maria McIntyre and the code was completed by all of the group members. The game allows the players to follow a given recipe and build the pizza at a certain time. 

 In the ParentGUI.java file the start screen, start button, and info button are created on this screen. The start screen pdf is used as the background of the GUI and the buttons were placed on top of the background. The information button leads the player to the information screen. The information screen uses the infoScreen.java file that codes for the start button and brings up the instructions for how to play the game. When the start button is pressed on either the start screen or the information screen it brings the player to the game screen. The game screen has multiple buttons that either place toppings on the pizza, get a recipe, or enter your name. This file also uses the countdown.java file that starts the timer when ok is pressed after a recipe is given. 

To run this program all the files need to be downloaded, and then compiled. After all of the files have been compiled the run button can be pressed and it will bring the player to the start screen. The player can then press the information button and read the instructions on how to play the game. Then the start button will bring them to the game and they can enter their name and play the game. 
